Morita
During the Kumamata literally,
only for phoney press I spend three year in the kitchen.
In my memory, I am only used 20 yen a month.
I am financially forgetting then.
Stop my oil for the next three days
Don't cause trouble
Ber fearless
Prepare for it
For calibers
I pray it never will fail
And princes hello and alsopigate.
renovate that bed.
calculation son company.
thank you.
Please, sometimes I provided my shoes,
like Amatsuki,
to my patients with my door.
I'll come back in 3 years!
You planned to see me, didn't you?
Yesterday evening 3 years
...today morning, 3 years later.
That's not your job.
Don't lie, am I going to do this secretly?
Tell me the real reason why your wife lied to you,
...for me in this boring job, knotting,
....but it must mean something...
The End